# gRPC echo server

This is a simple Echo server built using Go and gRPC.

## Run as docker container 
To run the server as a Docker container, follow these steps:
- Change ":9000" to "server:9000" in frontend.go (this is only required for Docker deployments).
- `docker build --tag echo-frontend -f Dockerfile-frontend .`
- `docker build --tag echo-server -f Dockerfile-server  .`
- `docker network create test`
- `docker run --rm -d --net test -p 9000:9000 --name server echo-server`
- `docker run --rm -d --net test -p 8080:8080 --name frontend echo-frontend`
- `curl http://localhost:8080/echo`

## Push docker container
- Change ":9000" to "echo-server:9000" in frontend.go (this is only required for Kubernetes deployments).
- `docker tag echo-frontend xzhu0027/echo-frontend-grpc`
- `docker push xzhu0027/echo-frontend-grpc`
- `docker tag echo-server xzhu0027/echo-server-grpc`
- `docker push xzhu0027/echo-server-grpc`

## How to build and run ACL wasm filter 
The ACL Wasm Filter is a content-based Access Control List (ACL) implemented using WebAssembly (Wasm) written in Rust.
- `./build_wasm.sh`
    - This will build the ACL wasm written in rust to /tmp/content_based_acl.wasm.
- `kubectl apply -f echo-server-grpc-istio-full.yaml` 
    - This yaml file is generated by `istioctl kube-inject -f echo-server-grpc-istio.yaml`. It contains the Istio sidecar configuration with a volume that mounts the ACL Wasm Filter into the sidecar container's filesystem.

- `kubectl apply -f wasm_acl.yaml`
    - Add the ACL wasm filter to echo server. By default, the filter blocks requests that match a certain string.

Note: 
- The ACL Wasm Filter can be customized to match different strings or patterns by modifying the `lib.rs` file.
- You can check the wasm logs use `kubectl logs <echo-server-pod-name> -c istio-proxy  -f`. (Need to use `log.warn!`)

### Acknowledgement

Thanks to the mRPC team for the wasm rust code.